feat: migrate central settlement service docs (#361)
mojaloop/documentation: website/versioned_docs/v1.0.1/technical/central-settlements/README.md

# Central-Settlements Service

> The Central Settlements service is part of the Mojaloop project and deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Central Settlements service is part of the Mojaloop core.
```
